Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Ne
n
do
ro
i
d
Nendoroid!!
AI: I’ll launch one! It’ll be launched!
Aki: We’ll make your own Nendoroid
Yaaay!!
Kizuna Ai
...The making of her Nendoroid...
Has been confirmed!!
For all those that bought my products in the Winter Comiket...
...Those that bought my products through the internet...
...And all those that wanted me to turn into a Nendoroid
Really, thank you so much to everyone!
Thanks to all of you, it finally got confirmed that I’ll have my own Nendoroid!
Yaay!!
And also...
...To tell you the truth, now...
The prototype has been made!!
Good, here it is!
How is it possible?
The Nendoroid of that Virtual YouTuber...
...Has been made in the hands of an artist
Kizuna AI, who was only found in a virtual space...
...Has been transformed in a brilliant way to be in the hands of all of you
While it’s still not completed...
...Its charm...
...Its quality...
...Its impact...
...You can hear the voices of happiness from her fans around the world
How can it be? It still doesn’t have color?
I can’t get an idea of how it is through a picture
But... it’ll be very costly, right?
Put color on it at once!!
When can we reserve it-degozaru??
Leaving that aside, give me a figure of Kaguya Luna, please!!
Weeeeell, well, well, I understand you, I understand you!
I also can’t wait any longer!!
I made sure to include the way in how you can get it!
It turns out that...
The Decomasu of the Nendoroid of Kizuna AI...!
(Decomasu = Abbreviation of "Decoration Master", it's a painted prototype figure and exhibited as a showing of the final product)
Will be exhibited...!
In the Wonder Festival!
On Sunday, 18th of February, 2018
It’ll be sent to the lounges, 1 to 8 of Makuhari Messe
My Nendoroid...
Will be exhibited in the company Good Smile’s Stand!
Nendoroid!
Having said that, approximately a year after that day I uploaded a video...
...Saying that I’d like to turn into a figure...
My figure...!
Will really be launched!!
Eeehh... it’ll still take a bit more time, but...
I’ll be counting on all of you!!
Make sure to please show me your affection even in your houses!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for all Ai-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex